Heavy style edits (#4002)
knative/docs: docs/admin/install/eventing/install-eventing-with-yaml.md

--8<-- "prerequisites.md"

## Install the Knative Eventing component

> To install the Knative Eventing component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Knative Eventing:
```

>     ```

Reviewer: It's not a line you changed, but would you mind changing `--namespace` above to `-n` please for the sake of consistency?

        ```

        !!! tip
            To learn more, try the [Apache Kafka Channel sample](../../../eventing/samples/kafka/channel/README.md).

=== "Google Cloud Pub/Sub Channel"

    * Install the Google Cloud Pub/Sub Channel by running the command:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(org="google",repo="knative-gcp",file="cloud-run-events.yaml")}}
        ```

        This command installs both the Channel and the GCP Sources.

        !!! tip
            To learn more, try the [Google Cloud Pub/Sub channel sample](https://github.com/google/knative-gcp/blob/master/docs/examples/channel/README.md).

=== "In-Memory (standalone)"

    !!! warning

>         This simple standalone implementation runs in-memory and is unsuitable for production-use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This simple standalone implementation runs in-memory and is not suitable for production use cases.
```

Author: @abrennan89, why "not suitable" over "unsuitable"? 
"Unsuitable" seems the safer choice to me because the reader's eye could skip "not" whereas it's much harder to read "unsuitable" as "suitable".

Google say much the same thing for contractions:
"One reason that such contractions are useful is that it's sometimes easy for a reader to miss the word not, whereas it's harder to misread don't as do."
https://developers.google.com/style/contractions

Reviewer: Whatever you think, it was just a suggestion

    * Install an in-memory implementation of Channel by running the command:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(repo="eventing",file="in-memory-channel.yaml")}}
        ```

=== "NATS Channel"

    1. [Install NATS Streaming for Kubernetes](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/eventing-natss/tree/main/config).

    1. Install the NATS Streaming Channel by running the command:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(org="knative-sandbox",repo="eventing-natss",file="300-natss-channel.yaml")}}
        ```

        <!-- TODO(https://github.com/knative/docs/issues/2153): Add more Channels here -->

## Optional: Install a Broker layer:

The tabs below expand to show instructions for installing the Broker layer.
Follow the procedure for the Broker of your choice:

<!-- This indentation is important for things to render properly. -->
=== "Apache Kafka Broker"

    The following commands install the Apache Kafka Broker and run event routing in a system

>     namespace. The namespace `knative-eventing` is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    namespace. The `knative-eventing` namespace is used by default.
```

    1. Install the Kafka controller by running the following command:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(org="knative-sandbox",repo="eventing-kafka-broker",file="eventing-kafka-controller.yaml")}}
        ```

    1. Install the Kafka Broker data plane by running the following command:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(org="knative-sandbox",repo="eventing-kafka-broker",file="eventing-kafka-broker.yaml")}}
        ```

    For more information, see the [Kafka Broker](../../../eventing/broker/kafka-broker/README.md) documentation.

=== "MT-Channel-based"

>     This implementation of Broker utilizes Channels and runs event routing components in a system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This implementation of Broker uses Channels and runs event routing components in a system
```

            # channel ConfigMap by default (only for example, you will need
            # to install kafka also to make use of this).
            namespaceDefaults:
              some-namespace:
                brokerClass: MTChannelBasedBroker
                apiVersion: v1
                kind: ConfigMap
                name: kafka-channel
                namespace: knative-eventing
        ```

        The referenced `imc-channel` and `kafka-channel` example ConfigMaps would look like:

        ```yaml
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: ConfigMap
        metadata:
          name: imc-channel
          namespace: knative-eventing
        data:
          channelTemplateSpec: |
            apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
            kind: InMemoryChannel
        ---
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: ConfigMap
        metadata:
          name: kafka-channel
          namespace: knative-eventing
        data:
          channelTemplateSpec: |
            apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1alpha1
            kind: KafkaChannel
            spec:
              numPartitions: 3
              replicationFactor: 1
        ```

    !!! warning

>         In order to use the KafkaChannel ensure it is installed on the cluster as discussed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In order to use the KafkaChannel, ensure that it is installed on your cluster, as mentioned previously in this topic.
```

    <!-- Unclear when this feature came in -->

    1. Install the Eventing Sugar Controller by running the command:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(repo="eventing",file="eventing-sugar-controller.yaml")}}
        ```

        The Knative Eventing Sugar Controller reacts to special labels and
        annotations and produce Eventing resources. For example:

>         - When a Namespace is labeled with `eventing.knative.dev/injection=enabled`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - When a namespace is labeled with `eventing.knative.dev/injection=enabled`, the
```

          controller creates a default Broker in that namespace.
        - When a Trigger is annotated with `eventing.knative.dev/injection=enabled`, the
          controller creates a Broker named by that Trigger in the Trigger's namespace.

    1. Enable the default Broker on a namespace (here `default`) by running the command:

        ```bash
        kubectl label namespace <namespace-name> eventing.knative.dev/injection=enabled
        ```
        Where `<namespace-name>` is the name of the namespace.

=== "GitHub Source"

    A single-tenant GitHub source creates one Knative service per GitHub source.

>     A multi-tenant GitHub source creates only one Knative service handling all GitHub sources in the
>     cluster. This source does not support logging or tracing configuration yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A multi-tenant GitHub source only creates one Knative Service, which handles all GitHub sources in the
    cluster. This source does not support logging or tracing configuration yet.
```
